_sections/20-features.md, before:

---
title: Features
bg: blue
color: lightgray
style: center
fa-icon: archive
---

### Search the Web
Entries can be searched in external databases and BibTeX entries can be fetched from there.
Example sources: arXiv, CiteSeerX, Google Scholar, Medline, GVK, IEEEXplore, and Springer.

### Import of various formats
RIS, MEDLINE/PubMed (XML), Refer/EndNote, INSPEC, BibTeXML, CSA, ISI Web of Science, SilverPlatter, SciFinder, OVID, Biblioscape, Sixpack, JSTOR, and RIS.

Moreover, the [Firefox add-on JabFox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/jabfox?src=external-jabrefSite) makes importing new bibliographic information directly from the browser very easy. 

### Automatic download of full texts
JabRef can be instructed to search for the full text of a reference, download it, and directly link it to the BibTeX entry.

### Search the bibliography
Search a pattern in the whole bibliography.

### Classification of entries
You can group entries explicitly, by keywords or any other fields.

### Integrates to your environment
Launch external applications: PDF viewers, web browser

Insert citations into TeXstudio, LyX, Kile, Emacs, TeXmaker, Vim, and WinEdt

### Automatic Key generation
BibTeX keys can be automatically generated in a customizable way from document data, e.g. using author names, title and year.

### Support for XMP Metadata in PDFs
Improve the workflow of sharing PDFs and bibliography information

### Built-in and custom export formats
HTML, DocBook, BibTeXML, MODS, RTF, Refer/EndNote, and OpenOffice.org as well as LibreOffice

### Customization of the JabRef interface
Fonts, displayed fields, etc.

### Customization of BibTeX fields
You can add your own fields to any BibTeX entry type.

### Translations
JabRef menus and dialog boxes are translated into Brazilian Portuguese, Chinese (simplified), Danish, Dutch, English, French, German, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Norwegian, Persian, Russian, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish, Vietnamese.

See [our translation page on GitHub](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/wiki/Translating-JabRef) for more information and the status of each translation.

Commit message:

Update link to browser extension

_sections/20-features.md, after:

---
title: Features
bg: blue
color: lightgray
style: center
fa-icon: archive
---

### Search the Web
Entries can be searched in external databases and BibTeX entries can be fetched from there.
Example sources: arXiv, CiteSeerX, Google Scholar, Medline, GVK, IEEEXplore, and Springer.

### Import of various formats
RIS, MEDLINE/PubMed (XML), Refer/EndNote, INSPEC, BibTeXML, CSA, ISI Web of Science, SilverPlatter, SciFinder, OVID, Biblioscape, Sixpack, JSTOR, and RIS.

Moreover, the [official browser extension](https://github.com/JabRef/JabRef-Browser-Extension) for [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/jabref/?src=external-github),  [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jabref-browser-extension/bifehkofibaamoeaopjglfkddgkijdlh), [Edge](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/pgkajmkfgbehiomipedjhoddkejohfna) and [Vivaldi](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jabref-browser-extension/bifehkofibaamoeaopjglfkddgkijdlh) makes importing new bibliographic information directly from the browser very easy. 

### Automatic download of full texts
JabRef can be instructed to search for the full text of a reference, download it, and directly link it to the BibTeX entry.

### Search the bibliography
Search a pattern in the whole bibliography.

### Classification of entries
You can group entries explicitly, by keywords or any other fields.

### Integrates to your environment
Launch external applications: PDF viewers, web browser

Insert citations into TeXstudio, LyX, Kile, Emacs, TeXmaker, Vim, and WinEdt

### Automatic Key generation
BibTeX keys can be automatically generated in a customizable way from document data, e.g. using author names, title and year.

### Support for XMP Metadata in PDFs
Improve the workflow of sharing PDFs and bibliography information

### Built-in and custom export formats
HTML, DocBook, BibTeXML, MODS, RTF, Refer/EndNote, and OpenOffice.org as well as LibreOffice

### Customization of the JabRef interface
Fonts, displayed fields, etc.

### Customization of BibTeX fields
You can add your own fields to any BibTeX entry type.

### Translations
JabRef menus and dialog boxes are translated into Brazilian Portuguese, Chinese (simplified), Danish, Dutch, English, French, German, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Norwegian, Persian, Russian, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish, Vietnamese.

See [our translation page on GitHub](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/wiki/Translating-JabRef) for more information and the status of each translation.
