_sections/50-donations.md, before:

---
title: Donations
bg: green
color: lightgray
style: center
fa-icon: gift
---

<div style="font-size:30px; margin-bottom:20px;">
<a href="https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/wiki/Donations" style="text-decoration: none;"><span class="fa fa-gift"></span> Donations keep us going.</a>
</div>
[![PayPal Donation](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-paypal-orange.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?item_name=JabRef+Bibliography+Manager&cmd=_donations&lc=US&currency_code=EUR&business=jabrefmail%40gmail.com)
[![Flattr this git repo](http://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png)](https://flattr.com/submit/auto?user_id=koppor&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FJabRef%2Fjabref&title=JabRef&language=Java&tags=github&category=software)

Please [visit our wiki](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/wiki/Donations) for more information such as donating via bank transfer.

JabRef development is powered by [Baola] and [Neuronade].

If you need books, please order them at your local bookstore.<br/>
In case you stick with [Amazon](http://www.amazon.de/b?_encoding=UTF8&camp=1638&creative=6742&linkCode=ur2&node=13690631&site-redirect=de&tag=jabref-21), please use [this link](http://www.amazon.de/b?_encoding=UTF8&camp=1638&creative=6742&linkCode=ur2&node=13690631&site-redirect=de&tag=jabref-21).

<a href="http://baobab.org/BAOLA-sparkling-drink" style="text-decoration: none;">
<img src="http://baobab.org/bilder/produkte/normal/BAOLA-Erfrischungsgetraenk.jpg" width="25%" alt="Image of Baola" style="display: block; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto">
</a>

<a href="https://www.adcell.de/promotion/click/promoId/113867/slotId/70596" target="_blank"  style="text-decoration: none;">
    <img src="https://www.adcell.de/promotion/image/promoId/113867/slotId/70596" width="468" height="60" border="0" style="display: block; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto" alt="Neuronade" />
</a>

  [Baola]: http://baobab.org/BAOLA-sparkling-drink
  [Neuronade]: https://www.adcell.de/promotion/click/promoId/113867/slotId/70596

Commit message:

Add link to "Amazing Affiliate Link"

_sections/50-donations.md, after:

---
title: Donations
bg: green
color: lightgray
style: center
fa-icon: gift
---

<div style="font-size:30px; margin-bottom:20px;">
<a href="https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/wiki/Donations" style="text-decoration: none;"><span class="fa fa-gift"></span> Donations keep us going.</a>
</div>
[![PayPal Donation](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-paypal-orange.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?item_name=JabRef+Bibliography+Manager&cmd=_donations&lc=US&currency_code=EUR&business=jabrefmail%40gmail.com)
[![Flattr this git repo](http://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png)](https://flattr.com/submit/auto?user_id=koppor&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FJabRef%2Fjabref&title=JabRef&language=Java&tags=github&category=software)

Please [visit our wiki](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/wiki/Donations) for more information such as donating via bank transfer.

JabRef development is powered by [Baola] and [Neuronade].

If you need books, please order them at your local bookstore.<br/>
In case you stick with [Amazon](http://www.amazon.de/b?_encoding=UTF8&camp=1638&creative=6742&linkCode=ur2&node=13690631&site-redirect=de&tag=jabref-21), please use [this link](http://www.amazon.de/b?_encoding=UTF8&camp=1638&creative=6742&linkCode=ur2&node=13690631&site-redirect=de&tag=jabref-21).
You can use [Amazing Affiliate Link](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/amazing-affiliate-link/ikoompcclgdajbbijbhpgfpigolnbgpk) to ensure that the affiliate link always works.
Enter `jabref-21` as code.
This seems to work in Germany only.

<a href="http://baobab.org/BAOLA-sparkling-drink" style="text-decoration: none;">
<img src="http://baobab.org/bilder/produkte/normal/BAOLA-Erfrischungsgetraenk.jpg" width="25%" alt="Image of Baola" style="display: block; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto">
</a>

<a href="https://www.adcell.de/promotion/click/promoId/113867/slotId/70596" target="_blank"  style="text-decoration: none;">
    <img src="https://www.adcell.de/promotion/image/promoId/113867/slotId/70596" width="468" height="60" border="0" style="display: block; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto" alt="Neuronade" />
</a>

  [Baola]: http://baobab.org/BAOLA-sparkling-drink
  [Neuronade]: https://www.adcell.de/promotion/click/promoId/113867/slotId/70596
