index.md, before:

---
title: JabRef
layout: default
---

# JabRef

This site is under construction.

Other sites to visit:

 * [JabRef developers and users conference JabCon](http://jabcon.jabref.org/)
 * [Latest builds](http://builds.jabref.org/master/)
 * [Development information](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref)
 * [Old homepage](http://jabref.sf.net)
 * Support: [mailing list](https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/jabref-users) or via [tex.stackexchange.com](http://tex.stackexchange.com/tags/jabref/).

## Backing

JabRef development is powered by [Baola](http://baobab.org/BAOLA-sparkling-drink) and [neuronade](http://neuronade.com/en/), formally known as [nijoz](http://www.spiegel.de/unispiegel/wunderbar/nijoz-neuronade-gehirndoping-aus-der-brausetuete-a-964584.html).
Furthermore, [Donations](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/wiki/Donations) keep us going.

<a href="http://baobab.org/BAOLA-sparkling-drink">
<img src="http://baobab.org/bilder/produkte/normal/BAOLA-Erfrischungsgetraenk.jpg" width="25%" alt="Image of Baola" style="display: block; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto">
</a>

<a href="http://neuronade.com/en/">
<img src="http://neuronade.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Neuronade-Logo-2015-e1442053558296.jpg" width="25%" alt="Image of Neuronade" style="display: block; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto">
</a>

Commit message:

Add install4j link, rework links and add link to migration issue

index.md, after:

---
title: JabRef
layout: default
---

# JabRef

This site is under construction.
See https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/111 for migration discussion and status.

Other sites to visit:

 * [JabRef developers and users conference JabCon](http://jabcon.jabref.org/)
 * [Latest builds](http://builds.jabref.org/master/)
 * [Development information](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref)
 * [Old homepage](http://jabref.sf.net)
 * Support: [mailing list](https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/jabref-users) or via [tex.stackexchange.com](http://tex.stackexchange.com/tags/jabref/).

## Backing

We use [install4j], the multi-platform installer builder.

JabRef development is powered by [Baola] and [Neuronade], formally known as [nijoz].
Furthermore, [Donations](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/wiki/Donations) keep us going.

<a href="http://baobab.org/BAOLA-sparkling-drink">
<img src="http://baobab.org/bilder/produkte/normal/BAOLA-Erfrischungsgetraenk.jpg" width="25%" alt="Image of Baola" style="display: block; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto">
</a>

<a href="http://neuronade.com/en/">
<img src="http://neuronade.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Neuronade-Logo-2015-e1442053558296.jpg" width="25%" alt="Image of Neuronade" style="display: block; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto">
</a>

  [Baola]: http://baobab.org/BAOLA-sparkling-drink
  [install4j]: https://www.ej-technologies.com/products/install4j/overview.html
  [Neuronade]: http://neuronade.com/en/
  [nijoz]: http://www.spiegel.de/unispiegel/wunderbar/nijoz-neuronade-gehirndoping-aus-der-brausetuete-a-964584.html
