_faq/80_developers.md, before:

---
title: Contributing
id: developers
bg: '#2A7722'
color: lightgray
style: left
---

# Contributing

## Q: I am a programmer. How can I join the JabRef project?

A: We follow the usual GitHub pull request approach.
We have a lot of [open issues](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues).
If you want to be sure to work on something the core developers currently do not handle, check the [issues tagged with asking-for-a-pull-request](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/labels/asking-for-a-pull-request).
See our [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed information and further links.

## Q: I would like to help translating JabRef to another language. How do I get started?

A: We encourage you to read [Translating JabRef](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/wiki/Translating-JabRef).

## Q: I want send a patch. Where can I do that?

A: We really prefer the pull request approach of GitHub.
In case you want to contribute something, but git seems to be too hard for you, please get in touch with the developers to work out other ways of contributing.

Commit message:

FAQ : Contributing: Donation added. Glitch corrected

_faq/80_developers.md, after:

---
title: Contributing
id: developers
bg: '#2A7722'
color: lightgray
style: left
---

# Contributing

## Q: I am a programmer. How can I join the JabRef project?

A: We follow the usual GitHub pull request approach.
We have a lot of [open issues](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues).
If you want to be sure to work on something the core developers currently do not handle, check the [issues tagged with asking-for-a-pull-request](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/labels/asking-for-a-pull-request).
See our [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed information and further links.

## Q: I would like to help translating JabRef to another language. How do I get started?

A: We encourage you to read [Translating JabRef](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/wiki/Translating-JabRef).

## Q: I want to send a patch. Where can I do that?

A: We really prefer the pull request approach of GitHub.
In case you want to contribute something, but git seems to be too hard for you, please get in touch with the developers to work out other ways of contributing.

## Q: Can I make a donation? How?
Donations keeps us going! You can use Paypal, Flattr or bank transfers. Your institution/company can contribute too, through bank transfer for example. [All details are given here.](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/wiki/Donations)
