---
title: Features
bg: blue
color: lightgray
style: center
fa-icon: archive
---

### Advanced BibTeX editor
Detailed editing of BibTeX entries.

### Search functions
Search a pattern in the whole bibliography.

### Classification of entries
You can group entries explicitly, by keywords or any other fields.

### Import of various formats
BibTeXML, CSA, Refer/Endnote, ISI Web of Science, SilverPlatter, Medline/Pubmed (xml), Scifinder, OVID, INSPEC, Biblioscape, Sixpack, JStor and RIS.

### Built-in and custom export formats
HTML, Docbook, BibTeXML, MODS, RTF, Refer/Endnote and OpenOffice.org.

### Customization of BibTeX fields
You can add your own fields to any BibTeX entry type.

### Customization of the JabRef interface
Fonts, displayed fields, etc.

### Integrates to your environment
Launch external applications: PDF/PS viewers, web browser, insert citations into TeXstudio, LyX, Kile, LatexEditor, Emacs, Vim, and WinEdt

### Automatic Key generation
BibTeX keys can be automatically generated in a customizable way from document data, e.g. using author names, title and year.

### Search the Web
Entries can be searched in external databases and BibTeX entries can be fetched from there.
Example sources: arXiv, CiteseerX, Google Scholar, Medline, GVK, IEEEXplore, and Springer

### Support for XMP Metadata in PDFs
Improve the workflow of sharing PDFs and bibliography information

### Translations
JabRef menus and dialog boxes are translated into Chinese (simplified), Danish, English, French, German, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Norwegian, Spanish, Turkish, and Vietnamese.

See [our translationpage on github](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/wiki/Translating-JabRef) for more information and the status of each translation.
